;------------------------------------------------------------------------------
; INTRODUCTION
; 
; This is an AutoHotKey script that implements stylistic changes to a given text file.
; 
; Original source code inspired from http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Globally_replace_text_in_several_files#AutoHotkey
;------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FileSelectFolder, WhichFolder,*%A_ScriptDir% ; Ask the user to pick a folder.
SetWorkingDir %WhichFolder%
Loop, %WhichFolder%\*.*
	FileList = %FileList%%A_LoopFileName%`n
Loop, parse, FileList, `n	
{
fileread, contents, %A_LoopField% ; Read the file
fileAppend, %contents%, %A_LoopField%.bak ; Re-create the file with new contents
fileDelete, %A_LoopField%         ; Delete the file

;-------------------------------------------------------------
; Symbols
;-------------------------------------------------------------

stringReplace, contents, contents, ‼, !!, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏂, a.m., All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ᴁ, AE, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏃, Bq, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎈, cal, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏄, cc, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏅, cd, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎝, cm, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏇, Co., All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏈, dB, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ʣ, dz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, Ǳ, DZ, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ǲ, Dz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ǳ, dz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ʣ, dz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬀ, ff, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬃ, ffi, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬄ, ffl, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬁ, fi, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬂ, fl, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬂ, fl, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎙, fm, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎇, GB, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎓, GHz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎬, GPa, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏉, Gy, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏊, ha, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎐, Hz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏌, in, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏍, KK, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎄, kA, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎅, KB, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎉, kcal, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎏, kg, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎑, kHz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎞, km, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏎, KM, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎪, kPa, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏏, kt, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎸, kV, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎾, kW, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, Ǉ, LJ, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ǈ, Lj, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ǉ, lj, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏐, lm, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏑, ln, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏒, log, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ʪ, ls, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏓, lx, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ʫ, lz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎃, mA, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎆, MB, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏔, mb, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎎, mg, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎒, MHz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏕, mil, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎜, mm, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏖, mol, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎫, Mpa, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎳, ms, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎷, mV, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎹, MV, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎽, mW, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎿, MW, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎁, nA, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎋, nF, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, Ǌ, NJ, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ǋ, Nj, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ǌ, nj, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎚, nm, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎱, ns, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎵, nV, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎻, nW, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏘, p.m., All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎀, pA, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎩, Pa, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎊, pF, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏗, pH, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏙, PPM, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏚, PR, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎰, ps, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ₧, Pts, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎴ , pV, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎺, pW, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎭, rad, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ₨, Rs, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏛, sr, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ﬆ, st, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏜, Sv, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ℡, TEL, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㎔ , THz, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ʦ, ts, All
stringReplace, contents, contents, ㏝, Wb, All


StringCaseSense On
;-------------------------------------------------------------
; IMPORTED FLAGS
;-------------------------------------------------------------

